Free online tools 🆓
🔥 Internet Archive: Wayback Machine - The Internet archive, bringing back old/dead pages to live
Free Grammar & Spelling Checker - https://www.grammarcheck.me/
⭐️ BuiltWith - Find out what technology a website is built with
Wappalyzer - Identify technology on websites. It detects content management systems, ecommerce platforms, web frameworks, server software, analytics tools and many more.
Netcraft - What's that site running? Find out the infrastructure and technologies used by any site, based on results from internet data mining
PageSpeed Insights - Analyze a website performance
Socialtalents - Loadme - cloud-based load / stress testing service for you website or API
Dillinger - Online Markdown Editor
⭐️ Air Mail - temporary email service
nBox - fake email service, create as many fake emails you wish for protecting your privacy
Dead Link Checker - Online Dead Link Checking Tool
Broken Link Checker - Online Dead Link Checking Tool
StackEdit - in-browser markdown editor
XKPasswd - secure memorable password generator inspired by XKCD
WhatsMyIP - password generator & other text related tools (hash lookup, regex tester)
⭐️ YouTube to MP3 converter
Cached View - Google + Wayback machine Cached Pages of any website
ChangeDetection - Know automatically when any web page changes
WhatsMyIP - Port scanners & other networking tools
IFTTT - use existing services together to automate tasks and make your life easier
Jeffrey Friedl - Jeffrey's Image Metadata Viewer (Exif viewer)
Exif Viewer - Another image metadata viewer
Whois - Whois to get domain name info + identity
Just Delete Me - a directory of direct links to delete your account from web services
Just Delete Me - Fake identity generator
Why No Padlock - find out why your web page is treated as insecure
Chandan Kumar - 9 free useful online SSL/TLS Certificate Tools
Chandan Kumar - Verify your SSL, TLS & Ciphers implementation.
Chandan Kumar - Test your website for SQL injection attack
Rebex - SSL Check : checks the configuration of given server accessible over internet
Rex Swain - HTTP Viewer : See exactly what an HTTP request returns to your browser
IntoDNS - checks the health and configuration and provides DNS report and mail servers report.
Down for everyone or just me - Check if your website is down or up
Qualys SSL Labs - SSL Server test : deep analysis of any SSL web server configuration
Panopticlick - Test : Is your browser safe against tracking?
Am I unique - Test : are you unique ? (what your fingerprint reveals about you)
Ookla - Speedtest : Test your internet connection speed
TestMy - Internet speed test
VirusTotal - free online scanner for virus, malware and URL, to avoid downloading crap on your machine
Jotti - online virus scanner
Ethical Hacking Tools - Find subdomains / free online subdomain enumeration tool
8 Subdomain Finder Tools Online - Find subdomains using sublist3r, Amass, Anubis, Lepus and more online.
COMODO CA - Certificate search online
DNSdumpster - tool for dns recon & research, find & lookup dns records | can discover hosts related to a domain. Finding visible hosts from the attackers perspective is an important part of the security assessment process.
Ethical Hacking Tools - online penetration testing tools
Open Port Check Tool - Port forwarding tester - open port finder
Link Unshortener - Expand short links!
Unshorten.It - Unshorten that URL!
BestTariff.be - Find the best offer for your mobile / internet / phone usage profile
Cactus2000 - [FR] 🇫🇷 Convertisseur de dureté de l'eau
Cactus2000 - Converter for hardness of water
YAML Lint - The YAML Validator
⭐️ Two Factor Auth (2FA) - List of websites and whether or not they support 2FA.
Random.org - true random number service, but not only : are also proposed some functions for numbers, lists, text, strings, maps and web tools...
Andy Ray - Online Bash Prompt Builder for Git / Hg / SVN
Sepastop - [FR] 🇫🇷 resiliate your affiliation to all kinds of products and services
Tor2web - Browse the Tor Onion Services
Fuelly - Track, Share, and Compare your Vehicle / Understanding your fuel consumption and vehicle's actual costs
Daniel Miessler - 10 Ways to Test Your Website Performance
Tabletop Audio - Original, ambiances and music for your role playing games and stories
Free Online Picture Resizer - Easily crop, resize and edit your images online for free
SecurityHeaders - Scan your site to analyze the HTTP response headers
PDF Merge - merge PDF files online
Observatory by Mozilla - Scan your site against mozilla security checklist
unv.is - Just put unv.is/ in front of http:// when sharing clickbait articles, unv.is will capture the content of an article or blog post without passing on your visit as a pageview.
spammimic - encode your secret message into something innocent looking.
REDbot - checks HTTP resources to see how they'll behave, pointing out common problems and suggesting improvements.
Open Source Psychometrics Project - a collection of interactive personality tests with detailed results
SWISH - free online SWI-Prolog web IDE
BonPatron - [FR] 🇫🇷 online spelling and grammar checker for french texts / correcteur d'orthographe et de grammaire en ligne pour les textes français
Nu Html Checker - free online tool experimenting better HTML checking. its behavior remains subject to change
W3C - CSS Validation Service
⭐️ W3C - Link Checker : Check links and anchors in Web pages or full Web sites
Listly - Fully-automated Web Scraping. HTML to Excel in seconds : Paste URL, Get Excel.
Convertio - Advanced online tool to convert EPUB files to PDF
Free Summarizer - Summarize any text Copy and paste your loooong text (even a copy of a book)
mastoview - A tool to preview what a Mastodon instance is saying, useful if you don't know which one is the best fit for you
aviaryan/awesome-no-login-web-apps - Web Apps that work without login
What Car? - New and Used Car Reviews, Car Deals
Duolingo - free tool for learning another language, Duolingo makes it fun, and helps keep you engaged for the long haul.
Mailinator - lets you create unique, disposable inboxes which delete themselves after a few days.
⭐️ BugMeNot - no time to create an account ? try a domain or url and get shared logins. Bonus : BugMeNot Bookmarklet
Find your Facebook ID - find the Facebook personal numeric ID for fb:admins, social plugins, and more. Provide the profile URL of a page or your profile and get the Facebook (context) id. This id can then be used to find similar pages
Ecoscore - find and compare the ecoscores of new and old vehicles
ODA - The online disassembler
Hybrid Analysis - free automated malware analysis service
Pl/Sql tidy - Online PL/SQL formatter
AboutMyX - Subnet mask calculator
WalletGenerator - Paper Wallet Generator for BitCoins and other cryptocurrencies. Create, Print & Fold
Julia Verification Toolset - Research / Investigation tools
Henk van Ess - Facebook Graph Tools
EPUB Converter - Free EPUB to MOBI Converter. Alternative : Convert Files
Savvy Time - ET to CET Converter | Convert hours and time in different locations
Somacon - Count Duplicates in a List Online Tool
User Agent String.Com - User Agent String explained : Copy/paste any user agent string in this field and click 'Analyze'
Free Online EPUB Converter - The easiest way to send EPUBs to your Kindle!
repl.it - Online REPL, Compiler & IDE : Boot up a programming environment for your favorite language | including JavaScript, Python, Ruby, Java, Node.js, Go, Scheme, C, C#, C++, Lua and many more.
IKnowWhatYouDownload - Detailed statistic for torrent downloads and distributions for your or specific IP address
RegExr - is an online tool to learn, build, & test Regular Expressions (RegEx / RegExp).
Hurricane Electric BGP Toolkit - This website is an Internet analysis site for the whole Internet. useful tool to collect ip, addresses, etc
BGPView - allows you to debug and investigate information about IP addresses, ASN, IXs, BGP, ISPs, Prefixes and Domain names.
Robtex - is used for various kinds of research of IP numbers, Domain names, etc. Examples : Reverse DNS Lookup, Whois, AS macros.
Toolpic - Free Photoshop Online Alternative
Katacoda - Learn new technologies right in your browser | Interactive Learning and Training Platform for Software Engineers
CIDR/Netmask Lookup Tool - get information about a CIDR range including the IP addresses and host addresses contained in it.
How Secure Is My Password? - How long it would take a computer to crack your password?
Webbkoll - How privacy-friendly is your site? An online tool that checks how a website is doing with regards to privacy.
AnyAPI - Documentation and Test Consoles for Over 500 Public APIs
chubin/cheat.sh - Cheat.sh - the only cheat sheet you need | allow to browse cheatsheets from internet using curl
What Does My Site Cost? - Find out how much it costs for someone to use your site on mobile networks around the world.
JSONLint - JSON validator
The Password Meter - assess the strength of password strings.
Passweird - Passwords too Gross to Steal
Gnoosic - Based on your choices, Gnod predicts you might like the music of
De-google-ify Internet - List of alternative services to de-google-ify Internet and many other such services.
⭐️ regex101 - Free Online PCRE-based regular expression tester and debugger with real time explanation, error detection and highlighting for PHP, PCRE, Python, Golang and JavaScript
Rextester - run code online
JSON to YAML - Convert JSON to YAML online
globtester - a little utility for testing minimatch. Can also be used as ANT Style Pattern Matcher
Spotify Library Exporter - a tool to download your Spotify library as a CSV to be used elsewhere. Can also be useful to migrate from Spotify to Apple Music, backup your library to use elsewhere, keep a record offline. It doesn't matter! 🎉
PlaylistConverter - Convert your Playlist from multiple Music Services and File Format. Works for Spotify too
EPUB to MOBI Converter - Convert your epub files to mobi online & free
DigiCert SSL Certificate Checker - If you are having a problem with your SSL certificate installation, this diagnostic tool will help you locate the problem and verify your SSL Certificate installation.
D&D Beyond - Character Builder for Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) Fifth Edition (5e)
ripienaar/free-for-dev - list of SaaS, PaaS and IaaS offerings that have free tiers of interest to devops and infradev. Bonus : Website
Amazon Web Services Simple Monthly Calculator - estimate your monthly AWS bill more efficiently. Using this tool, you can add, modify and remove services from your 'bill' and it will recalculate your estimated monthly charges automatically. The calculator also shows common customer samples and their usage, such as Disaster Recovery and Backup or Web Application.
TimestampConvert.com - Convert dates to or from timestamps online
Hourly rate calculator - A calculator for freelancers to use as a guide to costs, billable hours and desired profit. Takes 10-15 min to complete.
Google Dataset Search - Dataset Search enables users to find datasets stored across the Web through a simple keyword search.
Url Checker - Multi URL checker, can work from an input list.
CICR Tool - IP Range To CIDR / CIDR to IP Range
Meta Tags - is a tool to debug and generate meta tag code for any website. With Meta Tags you can edit and experiment with your content then preview how your webpage will look on Google, Facebook, Twitter and more!
⭐️ gitignore.io - Generate useful .gitignore files for your project. See also Source Code
⭐️ Xerius - 🇫🇷 [FR] [BE] Devenir indépendant : Simulez votre tarif journalier en tant qu'indépendant / Calculateur de Brut-Net / Freelance rate simulator
Downdetector - offers a realtime overview of status information and outages for all kinds of services. | online monitoring of your favorite services
Sven Taylor - (2019) The complete list of alternatives to all Google products | Parallel universe for the super security conscious
Maxime Blondel - (2018) 🇫🇷 [FR] (2018) 100 outils pour lancer sa startup sans développeur ni graphiste (et presque sans argent)
Guesstimate - free models and tools for modeling things that aren't certain. You can forecast your earnings from a new venture, predict the amount of time completing a big project will take, or experiment with scientific theories. People have used it to optimize video games, understand lottery payoffs, and estimate the costs of childcare.
Theory Maps - Theory mapping is a technique for visually outlining scientific theory. It allows researchers to concretely display interrelations between concepts, which provides for rapid communication and easy evaluation of ideas. Theory mapping was developed to emphasize that good science requires both reliable methods and rigorous theory. The technique is described in the following forthcoming article at Perspectives on Psychological Science.
TLDR This! - Automatically summarize any article, text, document, webpage or essay in a click. | also available as browser extension for Chrome and FireFox
⭐️ DistroTest - The first online operating system tester | Take a look at the existing linux distributions, test them live online and thus without any installation
transfer.sh - Easy file sharing from the command line
Azgaar's Fantasy Map Generator - Web application generating interactive and customizable maps
Radar Virtuel - 🇫🇷 [FR] Le site Radar Virtuel permet de voir le trafic aérien en temps réel avec des petits avions sur une carte Google, ça marche très bien en Europe, autour des aéroports aux États-Unis et pas du tout dans le reste du monde, c’est dommage.
Character Generator - Create a character sprite sheet for your game using 100% open art.
Turtletoy - Create your generative art online using a minimalistic Turtle graphics API.
myNoise - Background Noises & Interactive Soundscapes
A Soft Murmur - Ambient sounds to wash away distraction.
Noisli - Improve focus and boost your productivity | Mix different sounds and create your perfect environment.
Ah shhgit! - Find GitHub secrets in real time | Shhgit finds secrets and sensitive files across GitHub code and Gists committed in near real time by listening to the GitHub Events API. Bonus : Source code
Loklak Search - Distributed Open Source Search for Twitter and Social Media with Peer to Peer Technology
Ecometer - Analyse your website's ecodesign maturity
EcoIndex - 🇫🇷 [FR] L’objectif d’EcoIndex est d’aider le plus grand nombre à prendre conscience de l’impact environnemental de l’internet et de proposer des solutions concrètes pour réduire cet impact. EcoIndex vous propose donc une analyse automatique de premier niveau pour vous aider à identifier rapidement et gratuitement des sites web / services en ligne à ausculter en priorité.
WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool - WAVE can identify many accessibility and Web Content Accessibility Guideline (WCAG) errors, but also facilitates human evaluation of web content. Bonus : WAVE Browser Extensions
Contrast Ratio - Easily calculate color contrast ratios. Passing WCAG was never this easy!
Nibbler - is a free tool for testing websites. Enter the address of any website and Nibbler will give you a report scoring the website out of 10 for key areas, including accessibility, SEO, social media and technology.
Readable - Free readability test tool | Quick and easy way to test the readability of your work (text).
World Clock Meeting Planner - Need to make a call to someone far away or arrange a web or video conference across different time zones? Find the best time across time zones with this Meeting Planner.
MyMeetingTime - Find the best time to talk to people located in other time zones
Cloudcraft - Visualize your cloud architecture like a pro | Create smart AWS diagrams
GTmetrix - Website Speed and Performance Optimization
Romanr.info - Online BitTorrent Magnet Link Generator | Hash to Magnet link generator / converter
hashtomagnet.xyz - Hash to Magnet generator + Get Seed/Leech informations
DeepAI - Image Colorization API
Sedja - Easy, pleasant and productive PDF editor
Buienradar.be - 🇧🇪 [BE] Current rainfall radar for Belgium, Europe, satellite images, weather reports and forecasts.
htaccess tester - Test your htaccess rewrite rules
Grammar Checker - Enter the text that you want to check for grammar, spelling, and punctuation mistakes
Scribens - checks the grammar of your texts and finds spelling mistakes.
Tone Analyzer - This service uses linguistic analysis to detect joy, fear, sadness, anger, analytical, confident and tentative tones found in text.
Newsletterest - Simple newsletter reader app to read all your newsletters in one place. Learn anything with a curated list of topics and newsletters.
Excalidraw - is a virtual collaborative whiteboard tool that lets you easily sketch diagrams that have a hand-drawn look & feel to them. Bonus : Extensions & libraries
Tunefind - Music from all popular tv shows
Tunefind - Music from all popular tv shows and movies
Convert Case - Easily convert text between different letter cases: lower case, UPPER CASE, Sentence case, Capitalized Case, aLtErNaTiNg cAsE and more
Website Page Word Counter - website word counter created specifically so you can find out the number of words on any page on the Internet.
CommuteTimeMap - Find a place to live or stay with a good commute time
read2burn.com - transport passwords more secure by email | Sending secrets by email has some problems. First, the email is sent in clear text, everybody who can read the transmission can read the secret, second the email is stored in the email account of the sender and the recipient! read2burn.com enables a secure transmission by storing the secret encrypted and creating an access url that is valid only once. Therefore a manipulation by others will be recognized. Source code : wemove/read2burn
Grammica - You can check your English grammar with grammica, and the website provides also a lot of other tools to rework and improve your text and make it even more unique.
Framalibre - 🇫🇷 [FR] Entrez le nom d'un logiciel privateur et découvrez les alternatives libres
Framalibre - 🇫🇷 [FR] Découvrez des logiciels libres
What the Hell Should I Watch on Netflix? - Your First World problems are over.
CloudConvert - EPUB to PDF Converter | with support for EPUB, PDF, AZW and CBZ amongst many others.
Des jeux et des mots - 🇫🇷 [FR] Prendre le temps d'écouter celles et ceux qui prennent le temps d'analyser vos jeux favoris. Moteur de recherche des podcasts et vidéos qui parlent de vos jeux favoris.
Subworthy - Subscribe to blogs, news sites and podcasts and get it all delivered to your inbox once a day in your own personalised newsletter for free.
follow.it - Follow any blog or website
Prioritize - Built by a PM for PMs. Use this tool to create, visualize, and prioritize tasks on a drag and drop interface with different priority boards.
namae - Grab a slick name for your new app | Check availability for your new app name ideas across major registries at once.
tldraw - A tiny little drawing app.
Every Noise at Once - is an ongoing attempt at an algorithmically-generated, readability-adjusted scatter-plot of the musical genre-space, based on data tracked and analyzed for 5,745 genre-shaped distinctions by Spotify as of 2022-01-26. The calibration is fuzzy, but in general down is more organic, up is more mechanical and electric; left is denser and more atmospheric, right is spikier and bouncier.
rfc.me - Append an RFC number to the domain and it will redirect to that RFC. Example: rfc.me/1738
rfc.fyi - Search for RFCs, Fast — When they say ‘fast’ they’re not lying. This site is amazingly nimble at helping you track down the particular RFC you want, whether you want to read the FTP spec, a protocol for controlling coffee pots, or how QUIC works.
CV Scanner - Recruiting tool for tech resume analysis, using NLP. See also : GlossaryTech for LinkedIn
La liste Robinson - 🇧🇪 🇫🇷 [BE] [FR] est une liste de personnes qui ne souhaitent plus recevoir de publicité adressée par la poste. N'importe qui peut s'inscrire gratuitement sur cette liste.
Do Not Call Me (abrégé DNCM) - 🇧🇪 🇫🇷 [BE] [FR] La liste "Ne m'appelez plus" vous assure de ne plus recevoir de publicités indésirables par téléphone. La loi oblige les entreprises et les organisations qui font des offres commerciales par téléphone à utiliser cette liste. L'association Do Not Call Me (abrégé DNCM) a été reconnu par l'arrêté royal du 28 juin 2015 en tant que gestionnaire officiel de la liste.
Bookmarklets
mourner/bullshit.js - A bookmarklet for translating marketing speak into human-readable text. 💩 See also : Home Page
tota11y - an accessibility visualization toolkit testing accessibility (a11y) of your site + showing what is wrong in your document. Also available as a bookmarklet on the same page. See also GitHub repository
Akbar - A bookmarklet that simulates various types user experiences. It is an education tool that will hopefully educate people about web accessibility. See also GitHub repository
Revenge.css - is a CSS bookmarklet that reports bad html using pseudo content. If the page you use it with has malformed links, deprecated attributes,
s inside inline elements, inaccessible buttons, badly nested sections or other errors, you'll see some ugly, pink errors written in nobody's favourite font: Comic Sans. See also GitHub repository
debugCSS - (X)HTML debugging tool built with CSS | debugCSS is meant to be loaded on an existing page to highlight potentially broken, malformed or legacy (X)HTML. Not all "errors" are created equally, so they are color coded to highlight severity. Green is "probably not a big problem", yellow is "worth looking at" and red is "you really should fix this." See also GitHub repository
HTML_CodeSniffer - Accessibility Auditor Bookmarklet | Check that your HTML code conforms to your coding standard
KopywritingKourse - Event Name Generator
follow.it - Follow websites while browsing the net!
n-st/view-on-archive-org.js - Bookmarklet to view current page on the Internet Archive Wayback Machine
BugMeNot Bookmarklet - Find shared logins
Awesome Bookmarklets - A curated collection of awesome bookmarkslets! 🚀 See also : Source code
MorganGeek/bookmarklet_archive.js - Is the current website archived ?
MorganGeek/bookmarklet_hackernews.js - Is the current article debated on hacker news ?
MorganGeek/bookmarklet_alternativeto.js - Is there an alternative to current service (website) ?
The A11Y Project - Resources : Bookmarklets
Adrian Roselli - (2019) Reading Order Bookmarklet | When a keyboard-only user or screen reader user comes to page that uses CSS to create a layout, there is a chance that what is on the screen does not match the flow of the page.
Trello - Create a Trello card from any webpage
